add a ServiceInsight installation page (#6685)
Particular/docs.particular.net: serviceinsight/installation.md

---
title: Installing ServiceInsight
summary: Describes how ServiceInsight is installed
component: ServiceInsight
reviewed: 2024-06-05
---

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Windows
- .NET Framework 4.8 or later
- A running instance of [ServiceControl](/servicecontrol)

## Installation

 1. Download and install [ServiceControl](https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/releases)
 1. Download and install [ServiceInsight](https://github.com/Particular/ServiceInsight/releases)
 1. After accepting the license terms and conditions, click "Install" (the installer will require elevated privileges)

>  1. The installation process installs the "ServiceInsight" desktop application

Reviewer: Is it worth adding a checklist on how does the user know if their installation is healthy? As in "what to expect" ?

>  1. Download and install [ServiceControl](https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/releases)
>  1. Download and install [ServiceInsight](https://github.com/Particular/ServiceInsight/releases)
>  1. After accepting the license terms and conditions, click "Install" (the installer will require elevated privileges)
>  1. The installation process installs the "ServiceInsight" desktop application

Author: @NChaganlal how about this?

```suggestion
1. Install [ServiceControl](/servicecontrol/installation)—at a minimum, an [error instance](/servicecontrol/#servicecontrol-instance-types) is required.
1. Download and run the [ServiceInsight installer](https://github.com/Particular/ServiceInsight/releases)
1. After accepting the license terms and conditions, click "Install" (the installer will require elevated privileges)
1. Validation the installation by launching the “ServiceInsight” desktop application and connecting to the ServiceControl error instance at the URL shown in the [ServiceControl Management application](/servicecontrol/installation#installing-servicecontrol-instances) (or the host and port specified when [installing ServiceControl using PowerShell](/servicecontrol/powershell)). 
```
